Migration from Self-managed Neo4j to Aura is not fully coherent on versions (#1037)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/tutorials/migration.adoc

Reviewer: Somewhere here there should be a link to (https://neo4j.com/docs/upgrade-migration-guide/current/version-5/migration/, as requested in the Linear issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stop the database you want to create a dump of, using the command `STOP DATABASE {database}` in Cypher Shell or Browser.
```

[CAUTION]
====
The minimum version of self-managed to upload to Aura is v5 LTS (5.26.7)
====

The Aura console only supports `neo4j-admin database upload` from versions 5.26.7 and later, 2025.04 and later.

> If your self-managed database is of an earlier version, you need to first update or migrate to at least 5.26.7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your self-managed database is of an earlier version, you need to first update or migrate to at least 5.26.7.

```
Or else the next header won't render

[CAUTION]
====
The minimum version of self-managed to upload to Aura is v5 LTS (5.26.7)
====

The Aura console only supports `neo4j-admin database upload` from versions 5.26.7 and later, 2025.04 and later.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your self-managed database is of an earlier version, you need to first update or migrate to at least 5.26.7.
```
Maybe even a link here on how to do that?

> With the new console the only compatible versions of `database upload` that can work are 5.26.7 and later, 2025.04 and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new Aura console only supports `neo4j-admin database upload` from versions 5.26.7 and later, 2025.04 and later.
```

This guarantees that Neo4j has full rights to start and work with the database files you use.

> . Stop your self-managed Neo4j database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Stop the database you want to create a dump of, using the command `STOP DATABASE {database}` in Cypher Shell or Browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Stop the self-managed database you want to create a dump of, using the command `STOP DATABASE {database}` in Cypher Shell or Browser.
```

. Ensure the target directory to store the database dumps (for instance `{dump-folder}`) exists.

. Depending on your self-managed Neo4j version, create a dump of your database (e.g. `{database}`) using the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/backup-restore/offline-backup/[`neo4j-admin database dump`] command:
+
[source,shell,subs=attributes+]
----
bin/neo4j-admin database dump {database} --to-path={dump-folder}
----
+
If your self-managed database is of version 4.4, you need to migrate to a later version before uploading to Aura.
See the migration guide: link:https://neo4j.com/docs/upgrade-migration-guide/current/version-5/migration/[Migrate databases from 4.4 LTS (EOL)] for more information.
+

> . Depending on your self-managed Neo4j version, upload the database dump (e.g. `{database}`) to your Aura instance (the Aura instance does *not* need to be stopped) using the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/tools/neo4j-admin/upload-to-aura/[`neo4j-admin database upload`] command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Upload the database dump (e.g. `{database}`) to your Aura instance (the Aura instance does *not* need to be stopped) using the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/tools/neo4j-admin/upload-to-aura/[`neo4j-admin database upload`] command.
```
We say earlier that this is the only supported command, so we should probably be consistent with that.

. Ensure the target directory to store the database dumps (for instance `{dump-folder}`) exists.

. Depending on your self-managed Neo4j version, create a dump of your database (e.g. `{database}`) using the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/backup-restore/offline-backup/[`neo4j-admin database dump`] command:
+
[source,shell,subs=attributes+]
----
bin/neo4j-admin database dump {database} --to-path={dump-folder}
----
+

> For more info see the following migration guide: link:https://neo4j.com/docs/upgrade-migration-guide/current/version-5/migration/[Migrate databases from 4.4 LTS (EOL)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your self-managed database is of version 4.4, you need to migrate to a later version before uploading to Aura.
See the migration guide: link:https://neo4j.com/docs/upgrade-migration-guide/current/version-5/migration/[Migrate databases from 4.4 LTS (EOL)] for more information.
```

> [.include-with-From-Neo4j-4]

Reviewer: If it is not possible to push to cloud from v4.4, this tab should probably be removed.

=====

> Use the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/4.4/tools/neo4j-admin/push-to-cloud/[`neo4j-admin upload`] command.

Reviewer: It's still `push-to-cloud` in 4.4. it's just not supported to push to cloud from 4.4. As I mentioned above, this tab should be removed.

=====
====
+

> For more info see the following migration guide: link:https://neo4j.com/docs/upgrade-migration-guide/current/version-5/migration/[Migrate databases from 4.4 LTS (EOL)]

Reviewer: This should be in step 3.
